update bindings section in readme (#3696)
deltachat/deltachat-core-rust: README.md

- [Pidgin](https://code.ur.gs/lupine/purple-plugin-delta/)
- [Telepathy](https://code.ur.gs/lupine/telepathy-padfoot/)
- several **Bots**

> [^1]: out of date / unmaintained, If you like those languages feel free to start maintining them, If you got questions we'll help you, just ask in the issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^1]: out of date / unmaintained, If you like those languages feel free to start maintining them, If you have questions we'll help you, please ask in the issues.
```

> [^1]: out of date / unmaintained, If you like those languages feel free to start maintining them, If you have questions we'll help you, please ask in the issues.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[^1]: Out of date / unmaintained, if you like those languages feel free to start maintaining them. If you have questions we'll help you, please ask in the issues.
```
